Add doc with hostpolicy APIs (#5659)
dotnet/core-setup: Documentation/design-docs/hosting-layer-apis.md

## Host Policy

All exported functions and function pointers in the `hostpolicy` library use the `__cdecl` calling convention on the x86 platform.

### .NET Core 1.0+

``` C
int corehost_load(host_interface_t *init)
```

Initialize `hostpolicy`. This stores information that will be required to do all the processing necessary to start CoreCLR, but it does not actually do any of that processing.
* `init` - structure defining how the library should be initialized

If already initalized, this function returns success without reinitializing (`init` is ignored).

``` C
int corehost_main(const int argc, const char_t* argv[])
```

Run an application.
* `argc` / `argv` - command-line arguments

This function does not return until the application completes execution. It will shutdown CoreCLR after the application executes.

``` C
int corehost_unload()
```

Uninitialize `hostpolicy`.

### .NET Core 2.1+
``` C
int corehost_main_with_output_buffer(
    const int argc,
    const char_t *argv[],
    char_t buffer[],
    int32_t buffer_size,
    int32_t *required_buffer_size)
```

> Run a host command and return the output. `corehost_load` should have been called with the `host_command` set on the `host_interface_t`. This function operates in the hosting layer and does not actually run CoreCLR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a host command and return the output. `corehost_load(init)` should have been called with `init->host_command` set. This function operates in the hosting layer and does not actually run CoreCLR.
```

* `argc` / `argv` - command-line arguments
* `buffer` - buffer to populate with the output (including a null terminator)
* `buffer_size` - size of `buffer` in `char_t` units

> * `required_buffer_size` - if `buffer` is too small, this will be populated with the minimum required buffer size

Reviewer: If the buffer is `too small`, will buffer be:

- Empty
- Filled with head/beginning of output
- Filled with tail/end of output

if buffer is not too small, will this be unchanged?

Author: Update to include that:
`buffer` is unchanged in the case that the size too small.
`required_buffer_size` is set to 0 in the case that the size is not too small.

### .NET Core 3.0+

``` C

> int corehost_get_coreclr_delegate(coreclr_delegate_type type, void **delegate)

Reviewer 2: Part of the proposal should be that we move the delegate stuff over to the new context APIs. This is new in 3.0 so there's no reason to use the "old" system for it.

* `result` - callback which will receive the results of the component dependency resolution

See [Component dependency resolution support in host](host-component-dependencies-resolution.md)

``` C
typedef void(*corehost_error_writer_fn)(const char_t *message);

corehost_error_writer_fn corehost_set_error_writer(corehost_error_writer_fn error_writer)
```

Set a callback which will be used to report error messages. By default no callback is registered and the errors are written to standard error.
* `error_writer` - callback function which will be invoked every time an error is reported. When set to `nullptr`, this function unregisters any previously registered callback and the default behaviour is restored.

The return value is the previouly registered callback (which is now unregistered) or `nullptr` if there was no previously registered callback.

The error writer is registered per-thread. On each thread, only one callback can be registered. Subsequent registrations overwrite the previous ones.

#### [Proposed] .NET Core 3.0+

``` C
typedef void* context_handle;

struct corehost_context_contract
{
    size_t version;
    context_handle instance;

>     int (*get_property)(

Reviewer 2: Nit: I would call this `get_property_value` (and `set_property_value`).

        context_handle instance,
        const char_t *key,
        const char_t **value);
    int (*set_property)(
        context_handle instance,
        const char_t *key,
        const char_t *value);
    int (*get_properties)(
        context_handle instance,
        size_t *count,
        const char_t **keys,

>         const char_t **values);

Reviewer 2: What about the "run" functions?
One to get a delegate and another one to run the app.

Author: doh.

};
```

Contract for performing operations on an initialized host context.
* `version` - version of the struct.

> * `instance` - opaque handle to the initialized host context.

Reviewer: `initialized` once initialized isn't it too late to set properties?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance` - opaque handle to the `corehost_context_contract` state.
```

Reviewer 2: The design is to run everything up to the point of loading `coreclr`, without actually loading it. So We can still modify properties.

* `get_property` - function pointer for getting a property on the host context.
  * `key` - key of the property to get.
  * `value` - pointer to a buffer with the retrieved property value.
* `set_property` - function pointer for setting a property on the host context.
  * `key` - key of the property to set.
  * `value` - value of the property to set. If `nullptr`, the property is removed.
* `get_properties` - function pointer for getting all properties on the host context.
  * `count` - size of `keys` and `values`. If the size is too small, it will be populated with the required size. Otherwise, it will be populated with the size used.
  * `keys` - buffer to populate with the property keys
  * `values` - buffer to populate with the property values

``` C

> int corehost_initialize_context(const host_interface_t *init, corehost_context_contract *context_contract)

Reviewer 2: We also need some kind of `corehost_close_context` or similar to free the context (would be called from `hostfxr_shutdown`).

Initializes the host context. This calculates everything required to start CoreCLR (but does not actually do so).
* `init` - struct defining how the host context should be initialized. If the host context is already initialized, this function will check if `init` is compatible with the active context.
* `context_contract` - if initialization is successful, this is populated with the contract for operating on the initialized host context.

``` C
int corehost_close_context(corehost_context_contract *context_contract)
```

> Closes the host context. Once closed, any operations targeting the closed context will return an error.

Reviewer 2: I would not commit to returning sensible errors, unless we want to build a handle table and so on. I was only thinking of casting the handle as a pointer to a struct. So closed handles are effectively freed pointers.
But this is just a nit - we'll get there during implementation.
